# Adhesion-Tester-Updated

This repository is an updated copy of slehmann1's Adhesion-Tester repository. Since his code is now almost a decade old, there are issues if you try to install it directly from the original repository, especially on newer versions of Windows. In this repository I have created a new installer from scratch, deleted three lines from runSelection.xaml (I deleted the lines for SwirlEffect), and also have provided additional details for installing this application.

# How to Download
Before downloading this application, you need to have .NET Framework  installed on your computer, and it is extremely important to download version 4.5.2 (runtime). You can find the correct download for this .NET version at this link: https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/visual-studio-sdks?cid=getdotnetsdk. It is also necessary to download NI-DAQmx which can be found at this link: https://www.ni.com/en/support/downloads/drivers/download.ni-daq-mx.html?srsltid=AfmBOop6dCruJrv8U0EXv5Te9362aR4J_AMuaRTNyNy3bTFZmxO3s7Jj#559060. Once you have those installed you can download the installer AdhesionTestInstaller.msi and run it. This will open the setup wizard and allow you to install the application.

# How to Troubleshoot
It is possible that the application might not start once you try opening it. If this is the case, download Visual Studio 2022 (not Visual Studio Code) and copy this repository into your repo folder and open it up as a project. If you get a popup saying that it is incompatible with VS 2022 then choose the middle option to download .NET v4.5.2 (which means you didn't have it installed). Check the references section under the solution and see if there are any warnings next to NationalInstruments.Common or NationalInstruments.DAQmx. If there are, you need to remove those two National Instruments files from the references in your solution, and add them again from your files. These two .dll files will be located in a folder called "National Instruments" (which will likely be in Program Files x86). The directory for NationalInstruments.Common.dll is: National Instruments\Measurement Studio\DotNET\v4.0\AnyCPU\NationalInstruments.Common 19.1.40 and the directory for NationalInstruments.DAQmx is: National Instruments\MeasurementStudioVS2012\DotNET\Assemblies\24.8.45.49159. It might be necessary to delete the repository installer and create a new one, in addition to a signed certificate after the process of re-adding these assembly references, however there are guides for doing this on the internet.
